CSS is known as Cascading Style Sheets. It is used to design the layout of a webpage. It is a language that is used to describe how HTML elements are to be displayed beautifully on screen.
CSS is used to style and layout web pages — controlling the layout of multiple web pages all at once.

CSS saves a lot of work. It can control the layout of multiple web pages all at once. External stylesheets are stored in CSS files.
CSS is the language we use to style an HTML document. CSS describes how HTML elements should be displayed.

CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets.
CSS saves time
External CSS is ideal for large websites
External CSS is easy to write
External CSS is easy to maintain
External CSS can be cached by browsers
External CSS helps keep the document structure separate from presentation
External CSS makes it easy to add different styles for different media (e.g., print stylesheets)

CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets.
CSS describes how HTML elements are to be displayed on screen.

Ways Of Writing CSS
1. Inline CSS
2. Internal CSS
3. External CSS

1. Inline CSS: Inline CSS is used to apply CSS to a single HTML element. It is defined within the style attribute of an HTML tag. It is used to apply a unique style to a single element.
2. Internal CSS: Internal CSS is used to apply CSS to a single HTML document. It is defined within the head tag of an HTML document. It is used to apply a unique style to a single document.
3. External CSS: External CSS is used to apply CSS to multiple HTML documents. It is defined in a separate CSS file. It is used to apply a unique style to multiple documents.

Selectors in CSS
1. Element Selector
2. ID Selector
3. Class Selector
4. Attribute Selector
5. Pseudo-class Selector
6. Pseudo-element Selector

1. Element Selector: Element Selector is used to select all the elements of a particular type. For example, to select all the paragraphs in an HTML document, we can use the p selector.
2. ID Selector: ID Selector is used to select an element with a specific ID. For example, to select an element with the ID of "myElement", we can use the #myElement selector.
3. Class Selector: Class Selector is used to select all the elements with a specific class. For example, to select all the elements with the class of "myClass", we can use the .myClass selector.
4. Attribute Selector: Attribute Selector is used to select elements based on their attributes. For example, to select all the elements with the attribute of "type" equal to "text", we can use the [type="text"] selector.
5. Pseudo-class Selector: Pseudo-class Selector is used to select elements based on their state. For example, to select all the links that are in the "hover" state, we can use the :hover selector.
6. Pseudo-element Selector: Pseudo-element Selector is used to select a specific part of an element. For example, to select the first line of a paragraph, we can use the ::first-line selector.

Selector Hierarchy: CSS selectors can be combined to create more specific and powerful selectors. For example, we can use the descendant selector to select all the elements inside a specific element. For example, to select all the paragraphs inside a div element, we can use the div p selector.

which one is the highest?
The highest specificity is determined by the number of id selectors, class selectors, attribute selectors, pseudo-class selectors, and pseudo-element selectors in the selector. The more selectors there are, the higher the specificity. For example, the selector #myId.myClass[type="text"]:hover::first-line has a higher specificity than the selector .myClass[type="text"]:hover::first-line.